I don't know if it's even possible,
but I want to find a way to save Korosensei's life.
Save his life?
You mean find a way to keep Korosensei from exploding come March?
Do you have any ideas?
Not yet.
I don't know, but...
I'm in!
I wanna look for tons more creepy-crawlies with Korosensei!
Kurahashi-san...
If you hadn't said something, I would have.
I want to repay him.
Kataoka-san...
Our assassination work has gotten us far enough.
Let's tackle a whole new challenge!
Like launching a new series!
We'll regret it if we don't.
We should do what we can, at least.
You guys...
Thank goodness.
I'm glad they feel the same way.
Amen to that, Okano!
I hate to spoil the mood...
but I'm against the idea.
Huh?
Our relationship is one of assassin and target. Korosensei said as much.
And I really treasure the bond we've built over this past year.
But that's exactly why I think we have to kill him.
Nakamura-san...
tonikaku mou chotto matte tonikaku mou chotto matte
"Wait, just hang on a sec!"
sakebi mo munashiku kiete sakebi mo munashiku kiete
I scream, but it gets me nowhere
boku wa tadatada semaru limit
I put all my strength into being afraid
zenryoku obietetan da zenryoku obietetan da
Of the limits that just keep on closing in
genjitsu to wa youshanakute genjitsu to wa youshanakute
Reality is merciless Reality is merciless
toku ni jikan wa yabai ne toku ni jikan wa yabai ne
And time is especially tricky
sorenashi ja nemurenai blanket ubawareteku no ni niteru
It's like someone's snatching away my security blanket
taai mo nai imi mo wakannai taai mo nai imi mo wakannai
We laughed and fretted We laughed and fretted
koto de warattari nayandari koto de warattari nayandari
Over silly things, nonsensical things
saigo no chaimu narihibikeba
Once the final bell rings out tanoshii toki mo owaru
tanoshii toki mo owaru The fun times will be over, too
The fun times will be over, too Assassination
Classroom
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no manabi wo kaban ni tsumekonde
365 days' worth of lessons shoved into bags
itsumo mitai ni mata ashita teki ni
Like always, as though we'll see each other tomorrow
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no dekigoto
365 days' worth of happenings
boku wo otona ni shita nara namida nante mise mo shinaide
If you've taught me how to be an adult, don't be showing me tears
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no omoide
365 days' worth of memories 365 days' worth of memories
64 Days Till Deadline to Assassinate Korosensei
motto otona ni nattemo motto otona ni nattemo
Even if I grow up some more Even if I grow up some more
sukoshi mo iroasenai sa sukoshi mo iroasenai sa
They won't fade one bit from my mind
17th Period Yoshida Taisei Discord Time
You're against it?
You say you wanna save him, but how, exactly?
W-Well—
It's not like we haven't thought about it.
But what if time runs out before we find a way?
You think that octopus'll be happy to meet some wishy-washy end with a buncha wishy-washy students?
B-But isn't it at least worth consid—
It's always the talented ones,
mistakenly thinking everything will go their way.
Hey, Nagisa-kun, aren't you getting a tad full of yourself?
Huh?
Here you are, the most gifted assassin in the E Class,
and you're suggesting we just give up on the assassination?
What about the less talented students who are still giving their all to kill him, even now?
To put it another way,
it's like a hot woman telling a bunch of homely ones they should all quit trying so hard to find boyfriends.
Th-That's not what I mean.
Besides, when it comes to assassination, you're way better than me.
You saying that just ticks me off even more.
Isn't it more like you're the worst at understanding how the less powerful feel?
No! That's not it!
I'm being honest with my feelings!
Do you hate Korosensei that much?
Remember the movie he took us to? Remember all the fun we had?
That's just it!
That octopus put everything he had into making a fun classroom
that wouldn't turn out lazy losers like you!
This classroom couldn't exist if our bloodlust were blunted!
Can't you see all his hard work?
Or do you have the brains of a little kid to match your body?
Oh?
Huh? What's with that look?
An itty-bitty mouse like you, defying a great big human?
I just... Got something to say?
How about you say it after beating me in a fight for once?
I'll gladly take you on. Bring it.
What's the matter? C'mon!
A-A flying triangle choke!
I...
am not making this suggestion lightly!
When did Nagisa-kun learn that?
Still...
He's no match for Karma in combat!
Why, you... Stop that!
What the hell are you two trying to prove?!
Urgh! This guy is crazy strong!
Dammit! Chill out already!
A junior-high fight? Most excellent!
Ma, this classroom is all about the assassinio, capisce?
Shouldn't you be deciding things with these?
Now the instigator's trying to mediate?!
Blue Red Blue Red Blue Red Blue Red Blue Red Blue Red
Blue Red Red
Red and blue paintballs?
Red for those who want to kill me, blue for those who don't.
Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Red Blue Red Blue Red Blue
Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue
First, each student will state their position clearly and choose a color.
Then you'll do battle here on this mountain.
The class will accept the winning team's decision.
Win or lose, no grudges allowed!
What do you say?
You know, Blue Red Blue Red Blue
Red Blue Red Blue Red Blue
Red Blue Red
I'll respect any decision that my dear students have given their all to reach.
Blue Red Blue Red Blue Red
Blue Red
What I'd hate most is for this class to end in discord.
If you care about me... just promise me that won't happen.
Blue Red Well?
Blue Red All right. We'll settle it with these.
To kill,
or not to kill?
Okay. I guess I'll choose first.
Me too.
I think we've come a long way only because of the time we've spent working toward that killing shot.
And as for who—or what—brought us this far...
We don't want to take our eyes off that target.
So...
We want to keep going.
Chiba Ryuunosuke Hayami Rinka Kill Kill
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Chiba-kun... Hayami-san...
When I tried to kill Korosensei, I regretted it.
I wanted him to live longer.
It must run in the family—
my sister must've thought the same.
Blue So that's why... Blue Blue Blue Blue Blue
I want to keep Korosensei safe.
Kayano Kaede Don't Kill Don't Kill
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Does having a thing for assassins run in the family too?
The power of science is infinite!
If it can destroy, then surely it can protect, too!
Besides, it's not like there's no hope at all.
If we can all come together, we can see for ourselves.
Takebayashi Koutarou
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Okuda Manami Don't Kill Don't Kill
We hands-on types see the assassination itself as our graduation project.
If Korosensei's gonna die when time runs out,
we want to show him our finest work before that.
Okajima Taiga m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Sugaya Sousuke m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Mimura Kouki m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Kill Kill m 500 553 l 783 553 783 665 500 665
Korosensei's the one who told me to be an assassin worthy of the name "Justice."
I plan to take that advice.
Kimura Masayoshi m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Kill Kill m 500 553 l 783 553 783 665 500 665
I'd like him to keep giving us advice.
Kanzaki Yukiko Don't Kill Don't Kill
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
The planet's life or our teacher's life?
You could weigh the two until the cows come home.
Let's cut the crap and kill him.
Hazama Kirara m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Kill Kill m 500 553 l 783 553 783 665 500 665
I want to be true to my own feelings. Isn't that enough?
Yada Touka Don't Kill Don't Kill
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Of course it is!
The two of us, we're simple guys at heart:
we want to save him because we want to save him! Right?
Yeah, though I do want to respect everyone else's opinions.
Isogai Yuuma m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Maehara Hiroto Don't Kill Don't Kill
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
I'm a simple guy too. I joined this class to kill him.
Red Red Red Red Red Red
And in coming to kill him, I met you guys.
It's fun, spending our days trying to kill Korosensei.
And that's reason enough for me.
Kill Kill Horibe Itona
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Killing Korosensei may be my prime directive,
but through the many ideas and actions I've experienced,
I've come to recognize that the target's death
would be our greatest loss.
It's difficult to determine the correct decision with my current specifications.
In the spirit of cooperation, I will remain neutral.
Neutral Neutral Autonomously Thinking Fixed Artillery
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
I was in the don't-kill camp...
but after hearing everyone's thoughts, I'm not so sure.
Korosensei, killing you doesn't mean we don't like you, right?
Of course not, Okano-san.
In fact, when you're trying to kill me is when I feel closest to you all.
In that case... Sorry, Nagisa.
I think my feelings are closer to these people over here.
Okano Hinata Kill Kill
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
m 500 553 l 783 553 783 665 500 665
Okay.
I'm ashamed to have been so full of myself over my own opinions.
Don't Kill Don't Kill Shiota Nagisa
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
Akabane Karma Kill Kill
m 500 553 l 783 553 783 665 500 665
Hmph!
Aw, man... They're totally fighting, all right.
Sugino Tomohito Don't Kill Don't Kill
m 542 457 l 770 457 770 487 542 487
You know, I've been wondering... Hmm?
Those two have been friends for a long time, right?
Yeah, they've been classmates since our first year, and they hang out a lot.
Well, for all that...
there's still this space between them.
It's like they treat each other like guests or something.
Even the way they talk to each other...
Blue Red Okay. We've all picked sides.
Assassination Classroom Final Season Akabane Karma
Steal the other team's flag or wipe them out to win.
I'll be the referee.
I'll make calls and watch for zombies and other illegal plays from the midpoint.
Aside from that, I'll pretend that I don't know where you're attacking from,
so don't worry.
Even if they stick with the assassination,
they won't succeed with doubts in their minds.
It's one big gamble whether the class will get to focus on assassination again.
All right. Let our assassination classroom's paintball civil war...
begin!
D-Dead at the gate?!
B B Takebayashi Koutarou Kataoka Megu Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Damn... Spotted just as we were getting into position!
Even though a paintball's arc goes off course after fifty meters...
Chiba and Hayami's super-long-distance sniping skills are unbelievable!
Whoa...
You've brought them up to be incredible assassins.
Yes... and not just those two, either.
You keep on aiming, Chiba... Ack!
R R Okajima Taiga Chiba Ryuunosuke Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
No way! I had no idea... none!
I'd forgotten...
Kanzaki-san's an ace at this online shooter.
I started playing to help with my assassination and eventually mastered it.
I'm glad I did.
It comes in handy for helping people.
R Sugaya Sousuke Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Yukiko... She's not one to show off her true ability, is she?
Yes, and she has a most proper battle style.
A frontal breakthrough on this field is extremely difficult,
so normally you'd circle around from the outside and attack.
However...
That's right. You trained on a virtual battlefield, didn't you?
But once I know you're targeting our key positions,
all I need to do is lie in wait for you along the way.
B Kanzaki Yukiko Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Come in, red team. I'll take the lead.
Mimura, see that high point to Karasuma-sensei's right?
Head there.
Okay!
Don't let anyone see you.
Terasaka, you and the other two stooges are on defense at Face Rock.
It'll be big trouble if they make it past there, so play it tight.
Gettin' used again, huh?
Shut it!
Ah, well done out there.
How careless of me. I can't believe I got killed right at the start.
It was probably on Karma-kun's orders.
So all this time...
that red-headed kid was the one who'd been downplaying his abilities the most?
Karma! I'm in position!
Okay. You should see the enemies' positions pretty well from there.
I'll give orders to the team once you report on those.
Mimura's unassuming looks are perfect for covert ops,
and his producer's eye makes for a wide field of view.
Hence his knack for reconnaissance in force—
not that anyone in our class ever noticed.
Sugino and Fuwa, I think, in the forest on the right flank.
Nice, Mimura.
Next up: Hazama-san, advance.
B B Sugino Tomohito Fuwa Yuzuki Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Where'd Hazama come from?!
Quit melding with the darkness like that!
Use me as a sacrificial pawn, will you?
I'll be cursing you later, Karma.
R Hazama Kirara Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Muscling the slim-figured Hazama-san deep into enemy lines...
Karma-kun can't have expected her to get away alive.
Yeah... But Hazama sucks at fighting, and she took down two—
one of them Sugino, the close-combat superstar.
We need a surprise attack when the enemy's ranks are in shambles.
Okano?
On it!
Huh?
B Kurahashi Hinano Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Hinano-chan!
I lost the Battle of the Hinas!
Not bad, Kayanocchi! Holding out on us, huh?
Where were those moves in P.E. class?
I trained plenty for my acting job.
Now, without the pain of those tentacles,
I can actually focus!
Rats!
I'll keep Korosensei safe!
Wish we'd seen this earnest side of yours a little sooner, Kayano.
While you were working hard on your own,
we were all polishing up the for-realsies parts of ourselves, too.
Whatever we end up doing as a result of this battle,
this time we're all gonna do it for real—together.
Okie-doke! Later!
Oh, remind me to get your autograph!
B Kayano Kaede Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
All right! Let's keep this up and take down a few more!
Huh? But Karma said to hit and run!
Check that out!
It's Hara-san, and she's wide open!
Tonight's rations, here I come!
A homemade trap I worked on at night. Moms are tough!
Hara must've looked like some tasty prey here, unarmed and all.
Can't do a thing now, can you?
Hey, no butt-cutting!
R Okano Hinata m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
R Kimura Masayoshi Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
He got ahead of himself.
Why can't people just do as they're told?
Ah, well. Should your lieutenant finish things off, then?
I can use the stooges, right?
You know me too well. Much obliged.
Oh! Over there!
So that's how they knew our formation so well. He's been watching us!
R Mimura Kouki Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Both sides are down to half their initial strength.
Time to think about flag-capturing tactics.
B Hara Sumire Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
I put all the strategies I did into play knowing it would come to this.
Survivor Count Survivor Count
We took down Kataoka and Takebayashi to rob the enemy of strategic options.
And I have Hayami-san posted at our most crucial spot.
Guard it well, Itona.
Whoa!
Chiba can shoot with greater range and accuracy,
but her kinetic vision and sense of balance are miles better.
A fast-paced battlefield like this is where she really shines.
That Hayami is bad news!
Gotta approach carefully...
Even if we attack from the opposite side, Isogai
Terasaka
we'll have to break through Terasaka and his stooges' solid defenses,
and the area around the flag is within Hayami's range!
Hayami We'll have to take Hayami out first!
Hayami-san, Itona. They'll be coming in droves soon enough.
Slow them down, at least. And if you can, eliminate them.
Roger.
Nakamura, once the firefight starts, you step in and finish it.
Gotcha.
I'm counting on you, meat wall!
Say what?!
While they're scuffling with Rinka, I'll rush in with you as my shield.
By the time you three are dead, I'll have had plenty of time to get to the flag.
So you're sacrificing us? Geez, you'll stop at nothing!
Well, duh!
I want to win this battle indisputably so we can kill Korosensei as a class, as we should!
Nakamura, you wanted to be a dummy, so you did dumb stuff,
and joined the "kill" faction first outta some sense of duty to protect our bond.
Y'know, you might be the most no-nonsense one outta all of us.
Hmph.
The plan's as ready as it'll ever be. The only disconcerting part...
would be that not even Mimura can find where Nagisa-kun is.
Okay, guys, forget about defense.
We go after Hayami and Itona with everything we've got.
If we kill those two, Karma'll be the only one guarding the flag!
Let's settle this once and for all!
Now! We're going in too!
Hah!
B Okuda Manami Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Surround them from the left!
Isogai's in the lead? If I can just take him down, this is as good as won!
B Isogai Yuuma Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
I hate conflict, and I've never once shot better than Rinka.
But just this one shot... for Korosensei!
R Hayami Rinka Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 539 452 l 790 452 790 491 539 491
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
Yada...?
I got her!
And they got me.
B Yada Touka Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
R Horibe Itona Dead Dead
m 505 551 l 773 551 773 653 505 653
m 538 452 l 792 452 792 495 539 495
m 489 452 l 533 452 533 495 489 495
I knew I was more of a knife guy.
No way I can hit you guys with a gun.
Damn! They got you?!
Doesn't matter. Now the flag's under-guarded.
Nakamura, go get it.
You bet!
A-An attack from behind at point-blank range?
It came so suddenly... and out of nowhere!
There wasn't a soul there until just now!
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoi ga boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto wasurezu ni iru yo zutto wasurezu ni iru yo
But I'll hold your memory in my heart
mata kimi ni aeru hi made mata kimi ni aeru hi made
Until the day I can see you again